Cleanup Catch The Beat World Cup wiki article (#4865)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CWC/1/en.md

# Catch the Beat World Cup

> The **Catch the Beat World Cup** (***CWC***) was a single elimination team-based osu!catch tournament organized by various osu! community members. Despite not being hosted by (or being run under the direct provision of) the [osu!team](/wiki/People/The_Team), it was formally considered as the first installment of the osu!catch World Cup tournament series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Catch the Beat World Cup** (***CWC***) was a single elimination, team-based [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch) tournament organized by various osu! community members. Despite not being hosted by (or being run under the direct provision of) the [osu!team](/wiki/People/The_Team), it was formally considered as the first installment of the osu!catch World Cup tournament series.
```

Author: i'll pass this i think since on the other world cup articles "osu!team" is the only one that got attached to a link

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345777-29029500-62e5-11eb-8e3d-30f299c0041e.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345797-45063680-62e5-11eb-883c-500205bd9ae3.png)

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2011-09-30/2011-11-01 |
| Group Stage week 1 | 2011-11-02/2011-11-06 |
| Group Stage week 2 | 2011-11-07/2011-11-13 |
| Group Stage week 3 | 2011-11-14/2011-11-20 |
| Group Stage week 4 | 2011-11-21/2011-11-27 |
| Group Stage week 5 | 2011-11-28/2011-12-04 |
| *Winter break* | 2011-12-05/2011-12-31 |
| Quarterfinals | 2012-01-01/2011-01-08 |
| Semifinals | 2012-01-09/2011-01-15 |

> | Finals | 2011-01-16/2012-02-05 |

Reviewer: these seem like these should use an em dash instead of a slash?

Author: hmm i don't think so, i checked other world cup/major tournament articles and they all seem to use regular slash instead of em dash

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106346194-d1195d80-62e7-11eb-8e30-73d2882b2380.png)

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 6 months of osu!supporter tag for each team member |
> | ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 2 months of osu!supporter tag for each team member |
> | ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 1 month of osu!supporter tag for each team member |

Reviewer: "tag" is kinda redundant here and sounds a little off; number symbols -> because ASC
```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | six months of osu!supporter for each team member |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | two months of osu!supporter for each team member |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | one month of osu!supporter for each team member |
```

Author: yeah this is how things are usually being written on other tournament articles so i'm keeping this as well

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345830-8eef1c80-62e5-11eb-8e8f-e83c754e480f.png)

## Organization

The Catch the Beat World Cup was run by various osu!catch community members.

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| Host/Manager | ![][flag_KR] [CLSW](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/531253), ![][flag_DE] [Nyan-Zapo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/480676) |
| Helper | ![][flag_ES] [Deif](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/318565), ![][flag_IT] [NeoRainier](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/326049), ![][flag_CA] [Weezy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/67211), ![][flag_SG] [ZHSteven](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/142413), ![][flag_RU] [Louis Cyphre](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/186243) |
| Streamer | ![][flag_CA] [Sumaki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/207916) |

## Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/63296)

> - [Livestream link](https://de.justin.tv/inoodle)

Reviewer: tried copy-pasting the link and it came up with nothing; should also use alt text for the name of the website

Author: yeah although the site has been long defunct this is what the tournament uses to stream their match back then in 2013

will add the alt text tho

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345640-471bc580-62e4-11eb-9c7b-680552edd270.png)

  - [DCX - Flying High (DJ Splash Remix) (yeahyeahyeahhh) \[InoSane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/22194#fruits/76663)
  - [t+pazolite - Against Gilgamesh (Louis Cyphre) \[Ultimate Illusion\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/39816#fruits/126671)
  - [Susumu Hirasawa - SWITCHED-ON LOTUS (Starrodkirby86) \[KIRBY Mix Deluxe\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/16457#fruits/58970)
- Tiebreaker  
  - **[DystopiaGround - AugoEidEs (happy30) \[Aphotic\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/24611#fruits/97416)**

### Quarterfinals

- NoMod (*to be played in order*)
  - [IOSYS - Accept Bloody Fate (Louis Cyphre) \[Lunatic\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/37305#fruits/120066)
  - [goreshit - MATZcore (\_LRJ\_) \[Lolicore\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/24388#fruits/83975)
  - [Hyadain - Hyadain no Joujou Yuujou (TV Size) (Weezy) \[Saten's SELAMAT PAGI!!\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/32775#fruits/112586)
  - [DJ Sharpnel - Exciting Hyper Highspeed Star (xBubu) \[Highspeed\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/16619#fruits/62589)
- Tiebreaker  
  - **[Level 70 Elite Tauren Chieftain - I Am Murloc (CheeseWarlock) \[Northrend\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/12030#fruits/45433)**

> ### Group Stage week 5

Reviewer: it feels like "week" should be capitalised because it is kind of a proper noun? Very much a nitpick tho

Author: don't think so

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345864-bcd46100-62e5-11eb-8b7f-bc12dc968787.png)

  - [Syrsa - Mad Machine (Louis Cyphre) \[Champion\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/33052#fruits/107875)
  - [yak\_won - Lucid (soulfear) \[Extra\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/15898#fruits/85852)
  - [TuTuWan - Wo Ge Zai Guang Dian (v2b) \[Qi Shi Ma\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/12034#fruits/52940)
  - [SHK - Weep Irish (AngelHoney) \[Another\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/28545#fruits/95360)
  - [NH22 - Corrosion (Lena) \[Lunatic\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/17044#fruits/60941)
  - [HTT - Girls in Wonderland (wcx19911123) \[Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/34427#fruits/111902)
  - [Len - U.N. Owen was her? (Louis Cyphre) \[Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/22699#fruits/78171)
- Tiebreaker
  - **[chum - Genesis of Aquarion (Lena) \[KIRBY Mix\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/16782#fruits/60858)**

## Match Results

## Finals

Saturday, 4 February 2012 (3rd Place Playoff):

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Team Nub | 4 | **5** | **Chile** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2563701) |

Sunday, 5 February 2012 (Grand Final):

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |

> | half manual player team | 2 | **5** | **China** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2568176) |

Reviewer: should these be in sentence case? this goes for "win by default" and other ones like it as well

Author: this is literally the team's name orz, it shouldn't be sentence cased at all :(

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345585-e5f3f200-62e3-11eb-89f2-10106e1d3dbb.png)

Saturday, 3 December 2011:

| Group | Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| A | **Viciados em Crack** | **2** | 0 | Indonesia | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2114282) |
| B | **CFC** | **2** | 0 | Old School | *win by default* |
| D | **French fruit overdose club** | **2** | 0 | Korea | *win by default* |

Sunday, 4 December 2011:

| Group | Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| C | **Team Nub** | **2** | 0 | Indonesia II | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2118576) |
| B | **State(s) of the Art** | **2** | 1 | CFC | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2117966) |
| C | **Red Fury** | **2** | 0 | German Hentai's | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2124209) |
| B | **#filipino** | **2** | 0 | Old School | *win by default* |
| D | **Catch The Hungarians** | **2** | 0 | Korea | *win by default* |

Monday, 5 December 2011:

| Group | Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| B | **State(s) of the Art** | **2** | 1 | Hungary CTB | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/2123665) |
| D | Chile | *N/A* | *N/A* | China | *not played¹* |

> ¹ *As per the Tournament Management's decision ([\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/1184327) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/1206142) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/1187916)), the Chile vs. China match was not played.*

Reviewer: this should be a hatnote or some other kind of notice

Author: there's already a marker here tho :(

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106346257-44bb6a80-62e8-11eb-98e1-6dc1109d96a8.png)

Reviewer: iirc italicizing entire single lines is... not preferable

Author: hmm, i think this should be okay tho since the sentence is meant to be treated as an annotation/additional note (instead of as text of its own) as follows :

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106355485-d77cf900-632a-11eb-9160-448b93742995.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106355499-e4015180-632a-11eb-8fd0-d7093212b409.png)

Reviewer: just checked this and realized i missed the little superscript 1 in the original, mb

| C | **German Hentai's** | **2** | 0 | half manual player team | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/1932591) |
| A | **The Hidden Ones** | **2** | 0 | Viciados em Crack | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/1934186) |

Sunday, 6 November 2011:

| Group | Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| B | **CFC** | **2** | 0 | Hungary CTB | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/1930895) |
| D | **French fruit overdose club** | **2** | 0 | CatchTheHungarians | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/1942894) |
| C | **Team Nub** | **2** | 1 | Red Fury | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/1950105) |

## Ruleset

### Tournament rules

1. The Catch the Beat World Cup is a 3v3, team-based tournament played on the osu!catch game mode.
2. Beatmap scoring is based on **[ScoreV1](/wiki/Score#scorev1)**.
3. The beatmaps for each round will be announced by the tournament host on the discussion thread in advance before the actual matches take place. Only these beatmaps will be used during the respective matches. 
   - One beatmap will be a tiebreaker beatmap. This beatmap will only be played in case of a tie.

> 4. The match schedule will be settled by the Tournament Management (see the [scheduling instructions](#scheduling-instructions)).

Reviewer: Reads a little more nicely imo
```suggestion
4. The match schedule will be settled by the Tournament Management. (See the [scheduling instructions](#scheduling-instructions) for more information.)
```

5. If no staff is available, the match will be postponed.

> 6. If a beatmap ends in a draw, the map will be nullified.

Reviewer: ASC doesn't like the word "map" for some reason; this goes for all other uses of "map" instead of beatmap as well
```suggestion
6. If a beatmap ends in a draw, it will be nullified.
```

> 7. If a player disconnects, their scores will not be counted towards their team's total.

Reviewer: Nitpick; ignore if disagree
```suggestion
7. If a player disconnects, their scores will not be counted towards their team's total score.
```

Author: yeah i think i'll keep this

> 8. Beatmaps cannot be reused in the same match unless the map was nullified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Beatmaps cannot be reused in the same match unless said beatmap was nullified.
```

> 9. If a team fails to bring in the required minimum of three players to a match, the corresponding match can either be declared as a forfeited match where the opposing team gets automatically awarded with a Win by Default.     

Reviewer: "Either" is used here but the second option isn't stated.

> 10. Exchanging players during a match is allowed without limitations.
>     - **If a map rematch is required, exchanging players is not allowed. With the Tournament Management's discretion, an exception can be made if the previous roster is unavailable to play.**

Reviewer: not sure if "map" is even needed here
```suggestion
10. Exchanging players during a match is allowed without limitations.
    - **If a beatmap rematch is required, exchanging players is not allowed. With the Tournament Management's discretion, an exception can be made if the previous roster is unavailable to play.**
```
or
```suggestion
10. Exchanging players during a match is allowed without limitations.
    - **If a rematch is required, exchanging players is not allowed. With the Tournament Management's discretion, an exception can be made if the previous roster is unavailable to play.**
```

11. Lag is not a valid reason to nullify a beatmap.

> 12. All players are supposed to keep the match running fluently and without delays. Penalties can be issued to the players if they cause excessive match delays.

Reviewer: Clearler language imo
```suggestion
12. All players are expected to keep the match running fluently and without delays. Penalties can and will be issued to the players if they cause excessive match delays.
```

> 13. If a player disconnects between maps and the team cannot provide a replacement, the match can be delayed by 10 minutes at most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. If a player disconnects between beatmaps and the team cannot provide a replacement, the match can be delayed by 10 minutes at most.
```

> 14. All players and the staff must be treated with respect. Instructions of the Tournament Management are to be followed. Decisions labeled as final are not to be objected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. All players and staff must be treated with respect. Instructions of the Tournament Management are to be followed. Decisions labeled as final are not to be objected.
```

> 15. Disrupting the match by foul play, insulting and provoking other players or the staff, delaying the match, or other deliberate inappropriate misbehavior is strictly prohibited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Disrupting the match by foul play, insulting or provoking other players or the staff, delaying the match, or other deliberate and inappropriate misbehavior is strictly prohibited.
```

16. Unexpected incidents are to be handled by the Tournament Management.

> 17. Penalties for violating the tournament rules may include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
17. Penalties for violating the tournament rules may include the following:
```

    - Exclusion of specific players for one beatmap
    - Exclusion of specific players for an entire match
    - Declaring the match as Lost by Default
    - Disqualification from the entire tournament
    - Disqualification from the current and future official tournaments until appealed

>     - Any modification of these rules will be announced.

Reviewer: this doesnt really fit here

Author: this is also something that is referencing the OWC 2020 page (and other modern world cup articles); i'll be keeping this fwiw

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106346055-e04bdb80-62e6-11eb-958d-02c708c14a58.png)

### Tournament registration

> 1. In order to be registered for the tournament, a representative of each team will have to propose a team roster comprising of 3-4 players in the discussion thread following a template set by the Tournament Management as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In order to be registered for the tournament, a representative of each team will have to propose a team roster comprising of three to four players in the discussion thread following a template set by the Tournament Management as follows:
```

```
Team Name: (...)
Region: (...)

Player 1 (Captain): (...)
Player 2: (...)
Player 3: (...)
Player 4: (...)

Time Zone: (...)
```

2. To ensure valid and serious registrations, all proposed team rosters will be checked by the Tournament Management.
3. All accepted teams will be announced in the discussion thread after the Registration Phase.
   - **A team should have at least three players registered in order to be eligible to participate.**
4. Once a team roster has been accepted, it remains locked for the rest of the tournament. No further changes may be made to it except on extraordinary circumstances under the Tournament Management's approval.

### Match instructions

1. A member of the Tournament Management will create a multiplayer room 15 minutes in advance. Players must gather during this period.
   - Room settings are osu!catch, Team-Vs., Win Condition: 'Score'. Room name must be "CWC: (TeamRed) vs (TeamBlue)".

>    - The team mentioned first in the room name must be the red team, the team mentioned second in the room name must be the blue team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The team mentioned first in the room must be named as the "red team"; the team mentioned second in the room must be named as the "blue team."
```

Author: will think of sth else i guess since i get your point but "room name" is already the proper term here

2. As the Catch the Beat World Cup features no formal referee, **both team captains are expected to referee the match by themselves from inside the multiplayer lobby**. If there are any suspected irregularities during the run of the match, the concerned team captain may file a report in the discussion thread which will be investigated by the Tournament Management in due time.

> 3. Map banning **does not apply** in the entirety of the tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Beatmap banning **does not apply** in the entirety of the tournament.
```

> 4. Each team must have three players for each map. They can be exchanged freely after a map is concluded.

Reviewer: "they" is a little vague here; also map -> beatmap

5. Beatmap selection will alternate between each captain selecting a beatmap out of the mappool.
6. Each captain must use the `!roll` command once in `#multiplayer`.
   - The captain with the higher roll decides which team **picks** first.
7. The results of each match will be posted on the discussion thread after the match has been concluded by either of the team captains.

### Stage instructions

> 1. In the Group Stage, the teams will be divided into four groups of five teams each.

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
1. In the Group Stage, teams will be divided into four groups of five teams each.
```

2. All the teams from each group will face each other over the course of five weeks.
   - Due to the odd number of teams in each group, all teams **will only be playing on four matchweeks** instead of on all five by default. Team captains are expected to be aware of the schedules announced by the Tournament Management.
3. Depending on the outcome of a Group Stage match, each team will be alloted Group Stage points to their name as follows:
   - Winning a match gives the team +3 Group Stage points.
   - Losing a match gives the team +1 Group Stage point.
   - Forfeiting a match, either by disqualification or by a Lost by Default, penalizes the team by -3 Group Stage points.
4. Rankings of each group are determined by sorting the results of each team's performance in the following priority:

>    - Most Group Stage points accumulated.
>    - Most matches won.
>    - Have higher `{(the number of beatmaps won) - (the number of beatmaps defeated)}`.
>    - Most beatmaps won.
>    - **Winner of the match played previously between the tied teams.**
>    - In the event of a triple tie:
>      - Have higher `∑{(total score difference) / (maximum score)}`.
>      - Winner of the rematch.

Reviewer: these should probably be numbered. not sure if this will make remark angry tho
```suggestion
   1. Most Group Stage points accumulated.
   2. Most matches won.
   3. Have higher `{(the number of beatmaps won) - (the number of beatmaps defeated)}`.
   4. Most beatmaps won.
   5. **Winner of the match played previously between the tied teams.**
   6. In the event of a triple tie, the following priority will take place:
     1. Have higher `∑{(total score difference) / (maximum score)}`.
     2. Winner of the rematch.
```

Author: i'm quite sure this will make the remark angry, yeah :(

either way all other tournament articles that feature Group Stage (esp. world cups) are writing this in list format iirc so yeah i'm keeping this as well

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/106345945-150b6300-62e6-11eb-8ce2-8b2a77e4043c.png)

5. The top two teams of each group will move on to the knock-out stages following the matchup bracket set by the Tournament Management.   
   - The knock-out stages are played under the Single Elimination system.

#### Winning conditions

- The Group Stage matches will be played in a Best-of-3 matchup configuration (first team to reach 2 points wins).
- The Quarterfinals matches will be played in a Best-of-5 matchup configuration (first team to reach 3 points wins).
- The Semifinals matches will be played in a Best-of-7 matchup configuration (first team to reach 4 points wins).
- The Finals matches will be played in a Best-of-9 matchup configuration (first team to reach 5 points wins).

### Mappool instructions

1. There will be a different mappool for every stage.

> 2. All the maps in the mappool (including the Tiebreaker) will be played without any modifications enabled (NoMod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All beatmaps in the mappool (including the Tiebreaker) will be played without any modifications enabled (NoMod).
```

> 3. Each mappool has a specific size depending on the stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Each mappool has a specific size depending on the stage:
```

>    - The Group Stage weeks will all feature 9 NoMod maps (to be picked in any order) + 1 Tiebreaker map.
>    - The Quarterfinals will feature 4 NoMod maps (**to be played in the order determined by the Tournament Management**) + 1 Tiebreaker map.
>    - The Semifinals will feature 6 NoMod maps (**to be played in the order determined by the Tournament Management**) + 1 Tiebreaker map.
>    - The Finals will feature 8 NoMod maps (**to be played in the order determined by the Tournament Management**) + 1 Tiebreaker map.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - All Group Stage weeks will feature nine NoMod maps (to be picked in any order) plus one Tiebreaker map.
   - The Quarterfinals will feature four NoMod maps (**to be played in the order determined by the Tournament Management**) plus one Tiebreaker map.
   - The Semifinals will feature six NoMod maps (**to be played in the order determined by the Tournament Management**) plus one Tiebreaker map.
   - The Finals will feature eight NoMod maps (**to be played in the order determined by the Tournament Management**) plus one Tiebreaker map.   
```
